Poi inclusion (#13)
witnet/witnet-ethereum-bridge: README.md

# witnet-ethereum-bridge [![](https://travis-ci.com/witnet/witnet-ethereum-bridge.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/witnet/witnet-ethereum-brdige)

`witnet-ethereum-bridge` is an open source implementation of a bridge 

> from Ethereum to Witnet. This repository provides two contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from Ethereum to Witnet. This repository provides several contracts:
```

    - *_id*: the id of the dr.

- **upgradeDataRequest**:
  - *description*: updates the total reward of the data request by 
  adding more value to it.
  - *_inputs*:
    - *_id*: the id of the data request.
    - *_tallyReward*: the new reward 

- **claimDataRequests**:
  - _description_: claims the data requests specified by the input ids
   and assigns the potential data request inclusion reward to the 
   claiming pkh.
  - _inputs_:
    - *_ids*: the ids of the data request.
    - *_poe*: the proof of eligibility of the bridge node to claim 
    data requests

- **reportDataRequestInclusion**:
  - _description_: reports the proof of inclusion to unlock the 
  inclusion reward to the claiming pkh.
  - _inputs_:
    - *_id*: the id of the data request.
    - *_poi*: the proof of inclusion of the data requests in one block 
    in Witnet.
    - *_index*: index in the merkle tree.
    - *_blockHash*: the hash of the block in which the data request 
    was inserted.
- **reportResult**:
  - _description_: reports the result of a data request in Witnet.
  - _inputs_:
    - *_id*: the id of the data request.
    - *_poi*: the proof of inclusion of the result in one block in Witnet.

>     - *_index*: index in the merkle tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_index*: the position of the tally transaction in the tallies-only merkle tree in the Witnet block.
```

    - *_blockHash*: the hash of the block in which the result (tally) 
    was inserted.

>     - *_result*: the result itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_result*: the result itself as `bytes`.
```

- **readDataRequest**:

>   - _description_: reads the bytes of one dr in the WBI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: retrieves the bytes of the serialization of one data request from the WBI.
```

  - _inputs_:

>     - *_id*: the id of the data request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_id*: the unique identifier of the data request.
```

  - _output_:
    - the data request bytes.
- **readResult**:

>   - _description_: reads the result of one dr in the WBI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: retrieves the result (if already available) of one data request from the WBI.
```

  - _inputs_:

>     - *_id*: the id of the data request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_id*: the unique identifier of the data request.
```

  - _output_:

>     - the result of the data request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - the result of the data request as `bytes`.
```

> The Block Relay has the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BlockRelay` contract has the following methods:
```

- **postNewBlock**:

>   - _description_: post new block in the block relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: post a new block into the block relay.
```

  - _inputs_:
    - *_blockHash*: Hash of the block header.

>     - *_drMerkleRoot*: merkle root belonging to the data requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_drMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the requests-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.
```

>     - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: merkle root belonging to the tallies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *_tallyMerkleRoot*: the root hash of the tallies-only merkle tree as contained in the block header.
```

- **readDrMerkleRoot**:

>   - _description_: read the DR merkle root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: retrieve the requests-only merkle root hash that was reported for a specific block header.
```

  - _inputs_:
    - *_blockHash*: hash of the block header.
  - _output_:

>     - merkle root for the DR in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - requests-only merkle root hash in the block header.
```

- **readTallyMerkleRoot**:

>   - _description_: read the tally merkle root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: retrieve the tallies-only merkle root hash that was reported for a specific block header.
```

  - _inputs_:
    - *_blockHash*: hash of the block header.
  - _output_:

>     - merkle root for the tallies in the block header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - tallies-only merkle root hash in the block header.
```

> The UsingWitnet provides the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `UsingWitnet` contract injects the following methods into the contracts inheriting from it:
```

- **witnetPostDataRequest**:

>   - _description_: call to the WBI method `postDataRequest` to posts a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - _description_: call to the WBI's `postDataRequest` method to post a 
```
